docs: Add Airtop node documentation (#1)
airtop-ai/n8n-docs: docs/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.airtop/index.md

---
#https://www.notion.so/n8n/Frontmatter-432c2b8dff1f43d4b1c8d20075510fe4
title: Airtop node documentation
description: Learn how to use the Airtop node in n8n. Follow technical documentation to integrate Airtop node into your workflows.
contentType: [integration, reference]
---

<!-- 
The title should be the name of the integration 
Match the brand name exactly. For example, GitHub NOT Github
When you add this node to mkdocs.yml in the navigation, prepend it with the `_Name_:` only, for example ActiveCampaign: _relativepath_
-->
# Airtop node

> Use the Airtop node to automate work in Airtop and integrate Airtop with other applications. n8n has built-in support for a wide range of Airtop features, which includes interacting, scraping, and querying web pages.

Reviewer: missing `,` + ordering:
```suggestion
Use the Airtop node to automate work in Airtop, and integrate Airtop with other applications. n8n offers built-in support for a wide range of Airtop features, enabling you to control a cloud-based web browser for tasks like querying, scraping, and interacting with web pages.
```

On this page, you'll find a list of operations the Airtop node supports, and links to more resources.

///  note  | Credentials

> You can find authentication information for this node [here](/integrations/builtin/credentials/airtop.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to [Airtop credentials](/integrations/builtin/credentials/airtop.md) for guidance on setting up authentication.
```

Author: I wouldn't update this line just because we might get this node's documentation too different to the [template](https://github.com/airtop-ai/n8n-docs/blob/main/document-templates/app-nodes.md?plain=1) and the rest of the node's docs :

<img width="582" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c596d9d9-1c71-4be9-9307-862931314305" />

Reviewer: I found this from the other examples and thought it was better than the above:
<img width="1673" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/71d2cc31-029e-4693-83a9-235eb7b1917c" />

Reviewer: I only picked this sentence since I saw that Airtable and others already use it and I prefer it to `go here`
https://deploy-preview-2944--n8n-docs.netlify.app/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.airtable/

Author: Oh I didn't see Airtable's example, okay, let's add it!

///

## Operations

* Session
    * Create session
    * Save profile on termination
    * Terminate session
* Window
    * Create a new browser window
    * Load URL
    * Take screenshot
    * Close window
* Extraction
    * Query page
    * Query page with pagination
    * Smart scrape page
* Interaction
    * Click an element
    * Hover on an element

>     * Type

Reviewer: I just realized we are missing the Scroll interaction. @danielsht86, should we add it before requesting review?

Reviewer: Let's also create a linear ticket for this work and tackle it as a follow up. Can you also ping Daniel to get the priority on these 2 follow up tickets?

## Templates and examples

<!-- see https://www.notion.so/n8n/Pull-in-templates-for-the-integrations-pages-37c716837b804d30a33b47475f6e3780 -->

> [[ templatesWidget(page.title, 'airtop') ]]

Reviewer: We will need to make sure to at least creating 1 template to publish before going live.

Reviewer: Let's create a follow up linear ticket for this work and tackle it as a follow up.

## Related resources

Refer to [Airtop's documentation](https://docs.airtop.ai/){:target=_blank .external-link} for more information about the service.

--8<-- "_snippets/integrations/builtin/app-nodes/operation-not-supported.md"

> 

Reviewer: We should add a sentence here:
You can also contact [Airtop's Support](https://docs.airtop.ai/guides/misc/support) for assistance or to create a feature request.

Reviewer: I was thinking we'd add this after the `What to do if your operation isn't supported` section since it was a way to avoid them following this scenario and instead requesting the feature.

would need to move from line 55 to line 59.

<img width="872" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/66432f59-9464-44d0-a41b-99a24530ffd7" />

Author: @aidylka is this what you mean?
<img width="675" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/1763fdb9-dbf6-4ae4-8a04-35917edece86" />

## Node reference

### Create a session and window

> Create a session to get a Session ID, then use it to create a new browser window. After this, you can use any extraction or interaction operation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create an Airtop browser session to get a Session ID, then use it to create a new browser window. After this, you can use any extraction or interaction operation.
```

### Content extraction

> Extract content using these operations:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Extract content from a web browser using these operations:
```

- Query page: Extract information from the current window
- Query page with pagination: Extract information from pages with pagination or infinite scrolling
- Smart scrape: Get window content as markdown

Get JSON responses by using the **JSON Output Schema** parameter in query operations.

### Interacting with pages

Click, hover, or type on elements by describing the element you want to interact with.

### Terminate session

> End your session to save resources. Either:

Reviewer: Add new line below this so that the bullets are properly formatted. Currently they are displayed like this.
<img width="714" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2c7544d1-3d46-481e-8a08-015b2fa36aaf" />

Reviewer: We could also consider rephrasing this section to:

"In order to save resources, you'll want to terminate your session after workflow completion. Sessions are automatically terminated based on the _Idle Timeout_ in the _Create Session_ operation or can be manually terminated using the **Terminate Session** operation."

Author: How about this:

"End your session to save resources. Sessions are automatically terminated based on the Idle Timeout in the Create Session operation or can be manually terminated using the **Terminate Session** operation"

Author: Per the writing style guide, paragraphs should start with a verb and use the minimum amount of words possible

Reviewer: your suggestion works for me.

Reviewer: The use of italics and bold for one operation vs the other is a bit strange. Maybe have both operations in bold?

<img width="857" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/2545b341-777c-4dbe-bbe8-65d3eadc7f8d" />

Author: Like this?
<img width="667" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e9f1a50a-f97f-4679-94d0-fee81dda5fa1" />

Reviewer: I think this works. Thanks!
